Learn from Monday’s loud tone.
What do you mean? Daguang, right?
Okay? Talk to me like this?
Why is it so popular?
My boyfriend.
But he is an executive of Huaxing nationality.
Is your Gao Dang still young?
Dare you know the brother who protects her? quick!
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come Come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
She is yours to take care of
But we apologized to her and didn't take care of her.
Don't listen to her nonsense
I just looked at her
Ye Wu's ability is pretty good
I would chat with her for a few words and take pictures.
My official colleague now is you
I'm not married yet
If you don't let me come, I was just me
I don't think you are that kind of person
Forget about my appearance
Let's talk about how angry we are.
Let's talk
You are the eldest young master of Huangxing International.
That's not finished yet. Let me introduce it.
This is President Lixing of Relative Technology
We both found time and risk
It's Qian Hehua
What can you run away from Mr. Li?
We, Huaxing International, want to cooperate with our relatives
Not always
Do you want to do it? Do you want to?
I'm willing to do it. Official
I didn't expect you to show up now
So powerful again